
pretkel.maksim@gmail.com
Hi Team,

You may find our slides here:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12AxQDO260UL56s2GDFAq2SgBKKV6hwMk?usp=sharing

Our Skype group: https://join.skype.com/oxFceaSj5DzJ

During our next lecture we will discuss how to work with requirements and ask questions.
Then you will be able to discuss requirements for the future product (Calculator) with the customer (me).
I am sending you a short description of the calculator- attached. I hope you will have a lot of questions to clarify with the customer.
Please, be prepared with the list of questions (about functionality and non-functional features).
Please, skip questions about UI (fonts and colors).

As a reply to this email,
Send me the list of questions to clarify (in a mail body!)
Dead-line – our next class, we will discuss it.


Thanks,
Maksim Pretkel
Manager, Engineering Services
Rocket Software
77 Fourth Avenue ∙ Waltham, MA ∙ 02451
T: +1 9785480540 ∙ E: pretkel.maksim@gmail.com ∙ W: www.rocketsoftware.com



12 окт. 2021 г.
Hi, Maksim

Can you settle some questions about calculator?
Business requirements
1.    Won’t be the opportunity to add some additional functions to calculator
2.    Can we see calculator mockup
3.    What is the deadline of a project?
4.    Will it be
-      Desktop application
-      Mobile application
-      Web application
5.    What language will we use to develop
6.    How turn on the calculator:
-      Launch of application
-      url
-      interface with menu button
User stories
1.    What is the default mode?
2.    How to switch to other mode?
3.    Is it the app for what devices?
4.    How turn on the calculator:
-      Launch of application
-      url
-      interface with menu button
-      cmd
5.    How the calculator closes?
6.    What are shortcut keys for calculator?
Functional requirements
1.    What is the digit capacity of the calculator
2.    Will expand to full screen
3.    Can I use Copy / Paste for pasting values?
Non-functional requirements
1.    What operation systems does it run on?
2.    How numbers and operations can be entered: touchpad / keyboard


Best regards,
Kate Evtihevich